[roaring]
Dai: I'll draw it
away to give you time!
Okay...
Come on!
Leona: Everybody - hurry!
[fleeing cries]
Gomechan: [concerned chirping]
What happened?!
Leona: Oh, no.
We need to help!
Yeah, but...
Nabara: Hurry it up.
You can lift a rock,
can't you?
Go!
Uh - yes, ma'am!
Dai [thought]: Dragon scales
are as hard as steel.
But they must have some
kind of weak point!
Dai: Earth Slash!
[shocked gasp]
[pained cry]
Dai - no!
Crack!
The whole thing's
tough as steel!
His sword is broken.
Popp: I can't win
fighting them one by one.
For this, I'll need
one huge spell.
Popp: Mighty spirits
asleep in the earth,
I ask you now
to hear my voice!
Donk!
Yes!
[falling yell]
[pained groan]
Ouch...
Wow. That's a
spell straight from
Grand Sorcerer
Matoriv for you.
I mean, it used up all of
my Magic Power, but it worked.
[exhausted chuckle]
[growling]
Frizz! Frizz!
With those puny spells...
He's never gonna win!
The sword! You have to
give it to him!
What are you saying?!
No way - this thing is mine!
Dai: [screaming]
[struggling]
Dai!
[pained groan]
Over there!
Zeshin: Dragons!
Sorry, Princess! You've all
got to get out of here!
Run?! How can we run?
We're out of time!
[screaming]
Wait!
Don't leave me!
Bunch of cowards.
[roaring]
Oh, no...
Popp: They're done for!
Leona!
[roaring]
[shocked gasps]
Dai - how?
Nabara: That crest...
It can't be.
Boom!
It's the mark again.
We've got the advantage now!
Get them out of here!
Grandmother, is that
crest what I think it is?
Huh?
I never thought I would
actually see it for myself...
The legendary Dragon
Knight in battle!
Is it me, or is Dai even more
intense than usual today?
Popp...
Help us out here, would you?!
Popp: R-Right!
Hey!
[pained roar]
Zapple!
[amazed breaths]
He won.
O-oh, wow!
Good job, Dai.
That was amazing.
Hey! Are you okay?
U-Uh...
What's wrong?
I'm scared. He's so scary!
Huh?
I'm... scary?
[frightened chatter]
Dai: W-Why is everybody...
Killvearn: Because
you're not human.
And seeing your inhuman
fighting abilities
has them all terrified.
Who's there?
Killvearn: Humans
can be so selfish.
Even now, after you've
protected their city.
[devious chuckle]
I got you!
Killvearn: [amused chuckle]
For me?
[frightened cries]
Dai: The Dark Army?
Killvearn: My name
is Killvearn.
But my rather insulting
friends call me "the Reaper."
[chuckling]
Killvearn... the Reaper?
Dai: Are you the
Dragon Legion Commander?
[chuckling]
Killvearn: I'm not
so distinguished.
I'm just a servant.
Killvearn: The Dark Army
has been buzzing
with speculation
about your identity.
I was sent to learn more,
so I borrowed a few dragons
from the Dragon Legion.
And now, as a result, I was able
to see what you really are.
[chuckling]
Wait. What do you
mean by that?
Killvearn: Oh, also,
the real Dragon Legion Commander
will probably show up soon...
To lure you into hell.
Hope you enjoy it.
[chuckling]
Leona: He's gone.
Mr. Gopple: I paid for that!
Dai: What did he mean by my...
My identity?
Hang on.
You called Dai "the Dragon
Knight," didn't you?
Indeed.
Nabara: He must
be the Dragon Knight
from the legends of our
homeland, the Teran Kingdom.
Huh? The Dragon Knight?
Popp: Where's Teran?
And who are you?
I am Nabara the Seer.
Merle is my granddaughter.
Teran is to
the north of here.
They call it
the Mystic Country.
Dai [thought]: The Mystic
Country. If I go there...
Hyunckel [thought]:
Sovereign Rock Castle's
footprints end here.
The Field of Death...
King Vearn must have the
Dark Army positioned there.
Who's there?
Are you all right?
The... Dark... Army.
What?
They drove my...
homeland of Carl to ruin.
Hyunckel: Taking
down Carl Kingdom
couldn't have
been an easy task.
Which Legion did it?
Popp: So this is Teran?
Gorgeous.
Popp: Yeah, but...
It's kind of folksy.
More of a village
than a kingdom.
But, you know,
I'm really happy the Dark Army
hasn't attacked this place.
Leona: To be blunt,
it's because it has
no tactical value.
Teran is a kingdom
by name alone.
It has no military power.
Quite right.
Love for nature,
Devotion to the gods,
because of these,
our king forbade the development
of weapons and goods.
He said they would
bring disaster upon us.
But with a lack of industry, our
country also became weakened.
Everybody prefers a life
filled with luxury.
Eventually, the population
moved away to find it,
and this country
was left to rot.
Now there are only
about fifty people.
Of course, we were
among those who left.
But... I still love this...
This quiet little country.
She's rather a strange one.
Dai: Madam Nabara,
I need you to tell me;
There's answers out
there about my identity
and I have to find them!
What are you so
worked up about, huh?
I'm not worked up!
Okay.
Dai: I'm sorry.
But... I have to know, just...
just who I actually am!
Follow me.
Popp: Talk about decrepit.
Is this some ruin, or what?
Look inside.
Popp: That's...
That, my boy,
is the crest of the Dragon.
Is that the symbol that
appears on my forehead?
Yes. It's identical.
Teran worships
the God of Dragons.
This crest is
revered and feared
as a sign of the
God of Dragons' power.
Legend has it,
that he who bears this
crest on his forehead is...
The Dragon Knight.
But, what does that mean?
Merle: That Dai may
not be Human, at all.
[shocked gasp]
Merle: We believe it
is a servant of the gods.
According to the legends,
the Dragon Knight wields awesome
power and can cast any spell...
And with the heavens, earth,
and sea as its allies,
it will destroy
all of creation.
Who would destroy...
all of creation?
Nabara: They could be our
savior or our destroyer.
All that is written is
that they shall wield power
like a reincarnation
of the Dragon God.
However...
Go on! Tell me!
Nabara: There is a
forbidden temple which lies
at the bottom of this lake.
The soul of the God of
Dragons is said to rest there.
So, then...
Indeed.
If you really are
connected in some way
to the legend of
the Dragon Knight...
perhaps you can enter that
temple and see for yourself.
Dai: I'm going down there.
An underwater
temple, huh? Okay!
I'm going alone.
Huh? But...
shouldn't we all go?
Dai: No. I'm doing
this myself.
But, Dai...
All right. At least take this.
I bought it in Bengarna.
Dai: Okay. Thanks.
Dai: I just... I've never
wondered who I am before.
I washed up on
Dermline Island as a baby
and was raised
among monsters.
Grampa Brass was hard on me,
but he really cared.
The monsters never...
They never excluded me just
because I wasn't like them.
[agreeing chirp]
But humans...
won't accept me unless...
Unless I am like them.
Dai: That's why...
I want to find the truth.
I... I don't want
you or Leona to hate me!
Dai!
Wait!
You idiot.
Worrying about things
that don't even matter...
I thought we were friends...
I thought we were friends!
Popp: I don't care if
you're a monster or not.
That... That never mattered.
Oh, Popp...
Dai [thought]: There it is...
The Dragon Temple.
How do I get inside?
There's air in here.
Dragon Crystal:
Who goes there?
Name yourself.
A talking crystal?!
Dragon Crystal: I am
the Dragon Crystal.
Guardian of this temple.
Who are you?
That's what I'm
here to find out!
Am I a Dragon Knight?
Dragon Crystal:
Why do you ask this?
Dai: I don't even know where
I was born, or even who I am.
Please tell me!
Dragon Crystal:
There is no mistake.
You are the Dragon Knight.
Then... it's true.
Dragon Crystal: This
temple cannot be entered
by anyone but
the Dragon Knight.
Your presence here
is proof itself.
But what... is
a Dragon Knight?
A human, or a monster?
Dragon Crystal:
It is neither.
Three gods built this world.
The God of Dragons,
the God of Darklings,
and the God of Humans.
The Dragon Knight is
the ultimate creation;
a vessel that embodies
all three of them.
Creation?!
Dragon Crystal: Yes. Long ago,
by those celestial beings.
Dai: But...
for what purpose?
Dragon Crystal:
In order to...
What? What is it?
Dragon Crystal: Someone else
has entered this temple.
Dragon Crystal:
This is impossible.
The Dragon Knight is...
Who are you?
I am the Dragon
Legion Commander...
Baran.
Dai: Baran?!
Dai [thought]: This is
the Dragon Legion Commander.
The real deal!
And there's...
something about him...
So, you're Dai.
That's right!
Dragon Crystal: This man
is also a Dragon Knight?!
It cannot be.
Two Dragon Knights
existing in the same age...
So, are you here to kill me?
No, I'm not.
Baran: The Dragon Crystal
must have already told you
the truth about your identity.
And so what if it did?!
I want your power, Dai.
Now come and serve me.
And together we
shall destroy...
the human world!
Narrator: The Dragon
Legion Commander, Baran,
reveals the Dragon
Knight's mission,
and it's a cruel
blow to Dai's plans
of defeating the Dark King.
Our hero counters
with an Avan Strash,
but it has no effect
on this powerful warrior.
Soon, Baran reveals
a shocking link.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Dragon Master General Baran".